I remember when biased basketball start
I remember when bias the basketball star
had everything
I have never seen so many illegal drugs
one room my whole entire life
get used to it you're gonna be here a
lot more Johnny let me introduce you to
my new boyfriend
hey Johnny I loved you skateboard hi why
don't you introduce me to your teeth
dragon is one agree
why sure girls this is John Belushi
ladies my dick hey screech why are you
dressed with it I had a little accident
with drugs I can tell it's still cocaine
in your air hey there
okay where's the roach I'm out of
control
did you do that stun free bit for you
where you jumped out of the exploding
car
ah Kelly I'm sure these guys can take
care of screech they remember Len Bias
basketball star and everything Oh we'll
help you
I read that thanks for staying Kelly
just wouldn't be much of a party without
you here Johnny
hey guy got some good stuff here oh
thanks me
dick come on Kelly let's get out of here
I don't think it wants you looks like
she's just saying